Improve Introduction (#174)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap: draft-ietf-rats-msg-wrap.md

# Introduction

The IETF Remote ATtestation procedureS (RATS) architecture defines a handful of conceptual messages
(see {{Section 8 of -rats-arch}}), such as Evidence and Attestation Results.
Each conceptual message can have multiple claims encoding and serialization
formats ({{Section 9 of -rats-arch}}). Throughout their lifetime, RATS
conceptual messages are typically transported over different protocols.
For example,

- In a "background check" topology, EAT Evidence {{-rats-eat}} first flows from
the Attester to the Relying Party and then from the Relying Party to the Verifier,
each leg following a separate protocol path.

> - In "passport" mode, Attestation Results for Secure Interactions (AR4SI) payloads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In a "passport" topology, Attestation Results for Secure Interactions (AR4SI) payloads
```

Reviewer: AR4SI is exemplary, and without some additional adaptation, AR4SI isn't even a message that can be sent. Better to say? "In a 'passport' topology, an attestation result payload (e.g., AR4SI [I-D.ar4si]) ..."

is initially sent from the Verifier to the Attester, and later,
via a different channel, from the Attester to the Relying Party.

By using the CMW format outlined in this document, protocol designers can avoid the need
to update protocol specifications to accommodate different conceptual messages and
serialization formats used by various attestation technologies. This approach streamlines
the implementation process for developers, enabling easier support for diverse attestation
technologies. For instance, a Relying Party application implementer does not need to parse
attestation-related messages, such as Evidence from Attesters on IoT devices with Trusted

> Platform Modules or servers using confidential computing hardware like Intel Trust

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Platform Modules (TPM) or servers using confidential computing hardware like Intel Trust
```
